bro The Suite Life got dark
imagine if zach became Cody but took his
grades way too seriously you would end
up getting this treatment which is on
efflux and it's a fun movie let me
explain
so you got this kid named Lucas who's
practically that kid in your class who
ruins a test curve for everyone so you
hate him he's bringing the teacher
apples his book reports are bigger than
a freaking book that they're annotating
homie thinks he invented chess he's like
literally a leash away from being an
actual teacher's pet he's a pretty
straight edge dude who's just focused on
his grade so whenever anyone's talking
in class he he ends up flipping out
should Jeff my pen through your windpipe
and staple your tongue to the roof of
your mouth and it works maybe I should
try this at the theater Lucas don't get
second in his chest event even though he
is the best so of course you know like
anyone who wants to be number one he
decides to uh breaking bad - dude who
beat him out so he can get first and
yeah Lucas son also gets a B+ on that
Game of Thrones novel that he wrote
which you know I get that this guy just
blinded a dude so I don't want to Foley
side with him but I kind of see his
point you know when you have those
teachers who give you a bad grade for
English but like they're not even
grading your English they just don't
agree with your interpretation that's
not their job my man hits him with this
thing that I always wanted to tell my
teachers who doubted me their degree
where did you go to college
perhaps my interpretation of the text
befits an Ivy League mindset I'm sorry
but the teacher doesn't change it so
he's just he's asking for trouble Lucas
he ends up puncturing his tires he ends
up stealing his lunch swaps out that
transcript that he was going to turn in
to be able to get an admission at a
university so now he can't but worst of
all
Lucas tries out his dry erase markers
yes six son of a big boy year then
decides to confront Lucas and tell him
to admit what he's done and Lucas is
like yeah yeah it was me dude even hits
him with a poem but I always find a book
that much more compelling when the
character stands to lose everything the
teacher meets up with a previous teacher
who also got tormented by Lucas for not
giving him good grades and even calls
him a psychopath but like how are we
living in a world where
teachers are getting bullied by students
arm them this [ __ ] then decides that
the best way to deal with the pupil
who's giving him problems and trying to
ruin his life is to give him an F now
you're just acting down within those
kids who walk into the darkness in
horror movies
if you thought Zack upset mr. Mosby with
his shenanigans but he's about to
unleash hell from San Francisco to the
Tipton's on this guy right here he tries
to set him up as Harvey Weinstein it
fails so he just uh Sparta kicks the
girl over the roof he tries to pin the
murder on him
but all he gets is a leave so then the
teacher decides to break into Lucas's
house he finds all of his recordings and
all this craziness to pin it on him so
he's able to get a restraining order and
Lucas gets expelled everything seems to
be in order
everything's going great until you know
well Lucas strangles his wife and
kidnaps his baby we then get the best
fight sequence we can possibly ask for
out of a middle-aged English teacher in
a high school nerd and after all the
battles that he's gone through the
teacher wins he gets custody Lucas goes
to jail and all of us learn once and for
all that teachers just just keep your
students A's and you can avoid problems
like this thank you guys for checking
out this video as always let me know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section I'm curious to know if you saw
this movie again it just appeared on
Netflix so if there's any other Netflix
movies you want me to talk about any
Amazon movies any Hulu movies I'm not
covering crackle at all but any other
movies that you want to cover or TV
shows let me know down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe
and you too can get an A